all songs written by yoko ono .
additional musicians ( on `` aos '' )
list of parliamentary constituencies in london
the administrative area , region and ceremonial county of greater london , including the city of london , is divided into 73 parliamentary constituencies which are all borough constituencies . as of may 2015 , forty-five are represented by labour mps , twenty-seven by conservative mps , and one by a liberal democrat mp .
these are maps of the results of the last three general elections in london .
when greater london was created in 1965 the existing constituencies crossed county boundaries . the constituency review reported in 1969 , and was implemented for the february 1974 election . all 92 constituencies were contained within greater london and each were within a single london borough , with the exception of the city of london and westminster south . they were all borough constituencies . the constituencies were also used as electoral divisions for the greater london council from 1973 to 1986 .
the constituencies were redrawn for the 1983 election . all 84 constituencies were contained within greater london and each were within a single london borough , with the exception of the city of london and westminster south . they were all borough constituencies .
the constituencies were redrawn for the 1997 election . all 74 constituencies were contained within greater london . constituencies crossed borough boundaries between bexley and greenwich ; ealing , and hammersmith and fulham ; kensington and chelsea , westminster and the city of london ; kingston upon thames and richmond upon thames ; lambeth and southwark ; newham and tower hamlets ; and redbridge and waltham forest . they were all borough constituencies .
the constituencies were redrawn for the 2010 election . all 73 constituencies are contained within greater london . constituencies cross borough boundaries between barking and dagenham , and havering ; brent and camden ; harrow and hillingdon ; kensington and chelsea , and hammersmith and fulham ; redbridge and waltham forest ; bexley and greenwich ; bromley and lewisham ; kingston upon thames and richmond upon thames ; lambeth and southwark ; and westminster and the city of london . they are all borough constituencies .